Rename crop image (#3197)
hyperspy/hyperspy: doc/user_guide/signal1d.rst

Cropping
--------

The :py:meth:`~._signals.signal1d.Signal1D.crop_signal` crops the

> spectral energy range *in-place*. If no parameter is passed, a user interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the signal object along the signal axis (e.g. the spectral energy range)
*in-place*. If no parameter is passed, a user interface
```

appears in which to crop the one dimensional signal. For example:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> s = hs.datasets.example_signals.EDS_TEM_Spectrum()
    >>> s.crop_signal(5, 15) # s is cropped in place

Additionally, cropping in HyperSpy can be performed using the :ref:`Signal

> indexing <signal.indexing>` syntax. For example, the following crops a spectrum
> to the 5 keV-15 keV region:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indexing <signal.indexing>` syntax. For example, the following crops an EDS
spectrum to the 5 keV-15 keV region:
```

.. code-block:: python

>     >>> s = hs.datasets.example_signals.EDS_TEM_Spectrum()

Reviewer: Does this sample dataset move to `exspy`?

(loaded several times in this file)
